Use allow/deny list in docs (#1699)
npm/cli: docs/content/using-npm/developers.md

If, given the structure of your project, you find `.npmignore` to be a
maintenance headache, you might instead try populating the `files`
property of `package.json`, which is an array of file or directory names

> that should be included in your package. Sometimes an allowlist is easier
> to manage than a denylist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that should be included in your package. Sometimes manually picking
which items to allow is easier to manage than building a block list.
```
